probably to the strike command target
acquisition is confirmed strike as a go
repeat strike is a go
Sam Decker was tired of fighting a war
he could not wear
so he came home to make a difference a
high school who would ever suspect a
high school it's perfect
but when armed mercenaries invade his
school targets gonna be here in 50
minutes however we do have three more
targets to students to teach and his
students are caught in the crossfire
this is no video game these are killers
this happened he is the only one who can
stop them like I said in class the side
that believes the most wins
wait a minute each a crash course death
101 he's ex-military he's on the same
18th I wasn't lost
detention